you need a lot of data. You know, AI
means nothing without data. You know,
data is the oxygen of AI. So, I'm
looking at companies that have lot of
data. And then second thing, I'm looking
at the companies that have the ability,
you know, uh do they have the talent
pool and the capital to leverage those
data.
Hey everybody, I'm Telus Demos back with
another episode of WSJ's Take on the
Week
>> and I'm Gunjen Banerjee. We've got a
great conversation coming up with a big
investor in technology to talk about
obviously the massive AI tech trade that
continues to eat the market. You know,
the companies that dominate the S&P 500.
But before we get to that, we have an
action-packed week coming up. We've got
uh MAG 7 earnings, Fed meeting, jobs
report, and you know, gun right up your
alley.
>> The meme stocks are back.
>> Meme stocks. They're back again.
>> Are they back? Okay, gun, you would know
better than anyone else. Is the meme
stock trade back?
>> So, as the journal's meme stock
correspondent, I can say that they are
>> an official title. It is. It's an
official title. I have it on my business
cards. Um,
>> the meme stocks are back, but I think
the factors that have led to this meme
frenzy in 2021 have not really gone
away. They've actually intensified in
markets. And I think people forget that.
I mean, when you take a look at options
activity, retail traders recently made
up around a fifth of all options trading
activity. So, that's above the levels we
saw in 2021. They've been really active
in stocks trading for under $5. They're
still really active in the stock market.
So, I think the gamblification of
financial markets has has gone up since
2021. And that leads to frenzies like
this from time to time. This is so
interesting to me because when I think
about what drove meme stock mania back
in 2021 was like super low interest
rates and working from home and you know
people weren't spending money on going
out uh you know they had money to burn
and those things are not happening today
right interest rates are higher people
are back in their office they have to
work for a living again um you know
people's budgets are tighter right
inflation is eaten into their disposable
income so the fact that the memeto thing
is still happening tells me that like
maybe all those things we were talking
about weren't really the underlying
cause. And it sounds like it's it's just
something broader than that.
>> Yeah. I I think speculating in financial
markets is now a feature of our modern
markets, not a bug. You know, people
want to to place yolo bets on stocks,
right? And I think brokerages have made
it easier to trade. Individual investors
have more access to riskier trades than
ever before on platforms like Weeble.
you can place bets on where the price of
Bitcoin will be in just an hour from
now. So, there's been a trend towards
shorter and shorter term trades and
riskier trades in the financial market.
>> And what stocks are we talking about
here? I mean, the ones that I've come
across, you know, big huge kind of
unexpected surges in names like Open
Door, Kohl's, Krispy Cream, GoPro,
>> right?
>> Is there anything that unites these
companies? What is it that makes it
possible for a a stock to be me'd all of
a sudden? Is there any formula that goes
into it?
>> I think there's a few things. Lots of
social buzz, typically high short
interest, right? People think that there
might be a short squeeze and some people
say it's like millennial nostalgia,
right? These like stocks that kind of
>> American Eagle, that's another one that
has boomed recently.
>> A few years ago, it was of course
GameStop and things like that. But it
feels like the euphoria that we've seen
in markets the past few weeks in part
because of maybe the prospect of getting
trade deals has has really hit a fever
pitch recently and we're seeing that
with the meme stocks.
>> Well, there's certainly plenty to look
at with trade deals. Um, this past week,
of course, the big news was that there
was a Japan deal. So, uh, the stage is
that August 1st is the deadline, uh,
that that President Trump has set for
countries to either make a reciprocal
trade deal or be hit with kind of
whatever the US thinks is the
appropriate level. Uh so Japan
negotiated now it's 15% and then you
know there's a few things that go into
it but one of the um stipulations is
that Japan will then invest um something
on the order of you know 500 billion
plus you know into the US as part of
that deal and now people are saying that
15% is maybe kind of the new global uh
baseline and and look 15% is a high
level right for Japan that would be the
highest tariff level in decades but it's
not 25% %. Is that what kind of the
market's looking at here? Is it all
relative? Is Is that why the market
seems so optimistic?
>> Investors I'm chatting with don't seem
that concerned about tariffs right now.
I think they've acknowledged that
tariffs are going to be higher than we
thought, say, in December, but not quite
as high as we initially thought. And I
think people are expecting the economy
to to kind of hold up through all of
this.
>> Well, look, maybe the macro sort of
trade has played out to an extent,
right? People have gotten used to this.
They've moved on. and they're looking at
other things. But from a sort of more
micro stock specific sector trade, I
think autos are going to be pretty
sensitive to what's happening with
Canada and Mexico. Because for example,
when the Japan deal was struck, US
automakers didn't really like that deal,
right? Because they feel like, okay, so
if you're exporting a car from Japan,
okay, you pay a 15% tariff, but you're
not paying higher input costs on
anything that doesn't come from the US
potentially, right? Whereas a US
automaker, who by the way imports a lot
of parts, might manufacture that car,
you know, in in Canada or or Mexico. So
if those Canada and Mexico tariffs
aren't lowered, you might have a
situation where, you know, even a car
that's sort of made in the United States
is more expensive than a car made in
Japan. You just see a lot of stock
volatility with automakers. I was even
seeing the bonds of auto makers have
been more volatile than other sectors.
So, I think that's going to be
critically important to watch uh in in
in the week as we lead up to that August
1st date.
>> We also have a Fed meeting coming up,
the monthly jobs report. I mean, there's
just so much from an economic data
standpoint. What are you watching the
most?
>> What's happening around the Fed uh with,
you know, the president sort of quite
upset with the fact that that that they
haven't lowered rates yet is kind of
more of the show. I I don't think the
market is is not expecting the Fed to to
make a rate move at this upcoming week's
meeting. Uh, so there might not be much
there. And then we have a jobs report.
>> We also have big tech earnings coming
up. And yeah, I I really enjoyed my chat
with Imran Khan at Pro Asset Management,
and he made some really interesting
points about like how we talk about
hurting and kind of cult-like behavior
among individual investors, but that
also exists amongst institutional
investors who kind of pile into some of
the same stocks, maybe AI stocks.
>> Yeah, I think that, you know, we talk
about macro, but I think the market is
pretty micro focused at this particular
moment. I think that, you know, it'll be
the mag seven earnings that continue
next week like Microsoft, Meta, Amazon.
So, I think hearing about what a big
tech investor is thinking about ahead of
those earnings is maybe the biggest kind
of piece of news that investors should
be thinking about as they get ready for
the week ahead.
>> And just one quick note for our
listeners and viewers, Prom currently
has positions in Nvidia, Alphabet, Meta,
Microsoft, and Amazon. And Imran
personally has a position in Snap. So
after the break, that conversation with
Gungjan and Imran Khan.
>> So the artificial intelligence trade has
really powered the market this year and
investors can't seem to get enough of
big tech. Imran, I thought you were the
perfect person to dive into this with
today. You were the chief strategy
officer at Snap and helped take the
company public with Evan Spiegel and now
you are the founder of Prom Asset
Management, overseeing a really big
portfolio of technology stocks. Yeah,
thank you for having me. I appreciate
it.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Thank you for for joining me
today. So, Nvidia just hit this $4
trillion valuation, right? And I'm
wondering and I think a lot of people
are wondering how much bigger can this
trade get, right? Like how much bigger
can this AI trade that already looms so
large over our market really get? Are
are you still bullish on this sector?
Yeah, I think we're our AI is probably
we're still very very early days of AI
and you know I think if you look at AI
where we are now still in the beginning
of building infrastructure right and
it's building data center it building
chips it's building all the GPUs and
things like that so it's still very
early of AI and all if you want to
achieve that vision that infrastructure
you want to build you know Nvidia has
obviously significant lead on that so if
believe in AI if you believe that this
infrastructure need to be built they are
the biggest player in the town
>> how are you investing in that
specifically
>> so the way to I think think about it is
that at the end of the day what drive uh
valuation of a stock you know the it's a
company's ability to generate cash flow
over the next 3 to 5 years so you really
have to think about it is that how much
investment all of the AI uh uh customers
of Nvidia uh has to make you know and
what are the profit that Nvidia can
generate over at least foreseeable
future. I think that's you know looks
obviously very bullish. I I think one
area that I don't think anybody has
clarity how long it will last and how it
will continue you know after everybody
builds out the infrastructure but you
know the reality is you know the
inference you know which going to
continue to grow and growing at a rapid
pace uh and you need Nvidia GPU for that
as well.
>> It feels like people are afraid to bet
against it. The AI trend is very real
and it's very exciting and it's and I
think it's very important for the US
dominance in the global economy. So I
think that's going to happen. The
question always becomes how long, how
fast and you know how the optimization
going to happen. I mean some of the
numbers and projections I see out there
are are just wild, right? Like venture
capitalist Benod Kosla recently said
that almost certainly within the next 5
years any economically valuable job
humans can do AI will be able to do 80%
of I mean that just seems huge doesn't
it like that's that's a big production
>> I want to be very skeptical about
putting a timing on it you know
obviously that 80% will happen at some
point uh I think what I found in my
investment career in last 25 years
people throw those numbers and there is
no consequences but as an investors you
have to be thoughtful about it. What I
learned that uh that it takes longer
than people realize to things to happen.
Even today if you look at you know
companies like Google or Meta or Amazon
who are spending a lot of money on AI
you know we haven't seen a massive ROI
or revenue boost from that yet. I I
don't know if it's going to happen or 5
years or not but I I think saying those
kind of statements I think it's hard to
back it up.
>> Are you expecting that spending to
continue? we have earnings from some of
those tech giants in just a few days. Do
you think that capex continues? We have
not seen any sign of slowdown on the
capex uh
>> or any signs of returns on the capex
right
>> not meaningful enough but it will happen
you know I think it's I think it's a
fair to assume that you will see pretty
significant improvement in ROI good
things happens but it takes time it
takes a lot of work it takes a lot of
iteration and when there's this kind of
platform shift happens it's it's it's a
it's uncharted territory you know uh in
lot of tech companies you know tech
companies uh disrupted our traditional
industries in many way AI will disrupt
the tech industry you know so I think
it's really important that when tech
industry want to disrupt themselves
first with AI who is going to win and
who is going to lose from an investor
perspective I think you need to have a
very clear open mind and you have to be
very flexible and see how the data comes
in and how you know who is uh uh who is
winning you know the other thing I would
say that somebody investing lot of money
doesn't necessarily make them a winner
if the capital was the only way to win
then companies like Google would never
come
you know, Facebook would not win against
other players on their startup or or
Snap would not become a teen favorite or
Tik Tok would not come. Yeah. So, I
think it takes a lot to win, not only
the capital.
>> Is there a risk that these companies
lose their charm? You you own some of
them, some of the magnificent seven.
>> Yeah, there's absolutely risk to it. So,
I I cannot emphasize more to be a good
technology investors, you have to be
very open-minded and you have to have
some sort of imaginations. If you just
have the imagination but you are not
open-minded that your imagination might
be wrong or altered you will not be a
good investors. But combination of a
good imaginations and combination of an
open mind and pragmatic is very
important to be a good technology
investor.
>> So there's all these big ideas out there
about AI. How are you specifically
investing in your portfolio? Like are
there specific sectors or stocks that
that you're particularly bullish on
right now? If you look at uh what we saw
on the last cycles right it's the
infrastructure you first you have to
belt but then is the companies that take
a very boring industry because
ultimately it's all about a function of
GDP you know a cool technology doesn't
do anything you know it has to create
profit and to has to create profit it
has to take share some part of the
economy or accelerate the overall
economic pie right so the first question
you need to ask about it is this company
going to take share from somebody or it
or it will increase the overall pie of
the economy. If it doesn't you know it's
really a cool technology but it's not
going to create economic value. So what
I'm looking at it is that you know if
you look at the last three cycles where
those kind of values got created right
uh you used to call people to book your
travel agent to book your plane tickets
and hotels now you use online travel
agent website massive productivity
improvement that created a lot of
economic value created companies like
booking.com which is hundred billion
dollar plus market cap so I think that
six big area that I am really focused on
you know um uh digital workforce I think
ultimately we're all going to have an
agentic AI
>> like an AI I assistant
>> AI assistant and doing a lot of the work
of you know AI and and just making
yourself more productive you know uh
second would be defense you know I think
the way the war has been has been fought
last two 300 years will dramatically
change we we're already seeing that uh
transportation how we commute and do all
those things will AI will play a pretty
big role fintech you know financials
that's including stable coin cryptos and
lendings you know how does the AI
lendings and art lending the works
healthcare delivery how we get
healthcare services you know that is a
massive opportunity how can we you know
healthcare diagnosis and things like
that so uh so I think those are the some
big areas that we're going to continue
to see pretty significant changes on AI
and in terms of you know shorter term
you know what I'm looking at it you know
what takes you to be successful of AI
company you need a lot of data you know
AI means nothing without data you know
data is the oxygen of AI so I'm looking
at companies companies that have a lot
of data and then second thing I'm
looking at the companies that have the
ability you know uh do they have the
talent pool and the capital to leverage
those data
>> so all this excitement about AI has also
fueled concerns that like the
speculation out there in markets is
getting out of hand right like IPOs are
back in a big way um options volumes
through the roof right like people have
really embraced risky bets in a big way.
Does that concern you?
>> Yeah, it does concern me. You know, I
think one of the thing to understand
that there's a lot of new market
participants, you know, uh that we
didn't have, you know, 30 years ago,
investment business was a club business,
right? You had to go to certain school
to get a job at Wall Street, a certain
it was an exclusive club. But I think
what it what changed over the last 30
years one regulatory front you know reg
uh I think level flint you know with the
SEC document now you can easily find the
second thing that happened also internet
and with AI I think it will only going
to accelerate that it commoditize a lot
of those exclusive knowledge you know
you can find out about all this
investment thing and and then the third
is there's a uh the newer kind of
companies the younger generation also
understand better. So you take those
three things combination bundle that
with we are seeing a generational wealth
transfer as the baby boomers are you
know getting older uh and they're
transferring the money all of those
things I think this retail is a very
large part of the market and I think
they're here to stay and you know uh I
don't think I somebody should be
dismissive of this group of people and I
think it's very unfair to be dismissive
of these people and I think you know
dismissing them is you're ignoring a
large chunk the other other interesting
thing is
In a social media if you are going and
talking about a stock you know in many
cases your ideas get challenged.
>> Y
>> so so it's not like you saying something
and nobody's challenging you and that's
one of the most interesting thing about
social media that there is a lot of
people who are supporting you and a lot
of people who are hating you. So it's
actually a great conversational uh
platform
>> and I also think two things can happen.
I think there's communities online where
you can join a herd and there can become
like a cult-like mentality around
certain stocks where you're not being
challenged and then there's communities
where yes, people are certainly
challenging your views on a particular
stock or sector.
>> The key thing is if you look at the hard
mentality, you see that among the hedge
fund managers too and they're supposed
to be all smart. They all many of them
invested massively in a private market
in 2021. You know what happened to some
of those companies? What did you make of
the move in Open Door Technologies
recently? So, this was a stock it's
trading under $10 and out of the blue it
soared more than 100% in trading one day
and was like halted in trading reminded
a lot of people about the meme stocks.
Yeah, I think you know we're seeing
couple of other meme stocks out there
also and I think that is going back to
this whole there's a new group of
investors you know and uh they have lot
of capital to deploy and they can move
the stock very very fast you know and
you know so we we we will see how it
plays out
>> so speculation in markets is it a
feature of the modern markets rather
than a bug
>> I think the market was always
speculative Right. Uh because you know
like in 1998 you know uh long-term
capital management almost took down the
entire market.
>> But now that was a hedge fund. These are
individual investors.
>> Yeah. So
>> isn't speculation and gambling in
markets more widespread than it was in
the past.
>> Yeah. Because the knowledge got
commoditized. So now people can do it.
You know it used to be bunch of
exclusive people. You you can argue that
Beer Stern and Leman was speculating the
mortgage market and completely took down
the entire economy. So we get all upset
on individuals, you know, who is
actually their own. No, I'm just saying
that but you know I know you're not but
I'm just saying that we all get upset
about an individual who hopefully it's
their own money and speculating and they
have right to do so. Uh but then you
know big banks like Bear Sterns and
Lehman took the entire country down you
know all
>> the hedge fund manager of the people.
No, I I'm just trying to be objective
and I think the speculation is always
part of investment world and as an
investors you have to be very very
careful when there's a lot of
speculation happens how to protect your
capital and by the way you can argue
that there is lot of speculation
happening among institutional investors
right now
>> how are you thinking about the private
markets right now
>> I think private market is overvalued you
know uh and uh and I think
>> open AI space
>> yeah like these are great businesses but
let's take SpaceX, right? I'm I have no
coram with SpaceX. It's a great company,
but
I'm just asking a question. If you're
investing in SpaceX, are you investing
in a company that has peak market share
with a peak multiple, right? That is the
problem, right? because I just can't
imagine a world that a decade from now
that every country in the world have
this kind of concentration risk with one
company in B2B industry you never see
monopoly now if you believe you know
it'll be crazy for all the world
government to put all their chips in one
company even if you love Elon it doesn't
nothing today it's a risk management
from a business perspective
>> so you think there's more opportunity in
the public markets than the private
markets right now
>> I think you're seeing new kind of
companies in a private market, but
you're paying up for such a high price
for that. Like, do you really pay 25
times reported revenue multiple for
OpenAI or do you pay 25 to 30 times
earnings multiple for Nvidia? You know,
just asking the question, you know, so
it feels like relative value for these
hot companies.
Public market in my opinion feels like a
better place to invest.
>> We've got one more question for Imran
Khan that's after the break.
What in your view is the biggest risk to
the AI trade right now?
>> I think the biggest risk is it's going
to take longer than people think. I I I
really do so you know because there are
you know people are saying that in five
years you know entire white collar
industry going to go away you know 80%
of the job will be done you know that's
you know those kind of expectations
because the thing is that even if you
have a technology human takes longer to
change their behavior
>> right there's political dynamics at play
>> the political dynamics of that there's a
fear of making mistakes and an unknown
is always unknown you know so you don't
know what can happen if you reduce the
number of headcount dramatically and so
uh so I always think that things takes
longer like even if you get the right
about the future but it might take
longer so I think the biggest risk is
that people get disappointed that how
that it takes longer than people realize
to get the ROI and all these kind of
things from it
>> Iran this has been great thank you so
much
>> thank you for having me I appreciate it
it's a lot of
[Music]
market feels a little bit of 21 vibish.
2021 vibish.
>> Yeah, I want to talk. We have to talk
about that. The 2021 vibes.
[Music]